---
layout: post
category: daily
tagline: "art before distraction"
tags : [daily, ]
---
{% include JB/setup %} 

**Date:** 2013-03-13  09:04

**Notes by:** Dan Weatbrook

**Attendees:**  13 on join me, 24 on bridge

* 981 commits in past week to expweb/trunk
* 221 implicit integrations 22.5%
* 213 submitters
* 8 RESOLVING_BUILD_BREAK 0.8%

## Agenda ##

* Perforce Update (Dan W) 1994 migration, 
* Build Coach handoff, 
* Spring Bean Conventions (Aaron), 
* Staying Alive Status (Dan)


## Meeting Notes ##

### Perforce update.
* We continue to have issues with perforce troubles
* Dave F has scheduled to get the perforce server memory upgrade Friday
* The proxy's were downgraded to version consistent with server, and seem to be a little better
* 03-r3 is switching over to the perforce:1994 proxy in the live site
* The final cutover of //www/... to perforce:1994 is scheduled for next Thursday

### Build coach hand off
* Outgoing raglan from London, Vineet India, Jeff
* Kevin on the numbers
* 48 build break cards  - 24 timeouts
  * Timeouts 
  * 8 on trunk
  * 13 hot fix and release
  * 3 implicit integrations
  * 4 perforce build break cards
  * 4 implicit integrations
  * average percent green is down 79%  average breaks per day i s20
  * 341 blocked minutes per day

* London reports mostly perforce related - some bad checkins
* Build time outs happening with a couple of builds

* Incoming Build Coaches 3/13-3/20
* Theresa McClain/David Gallardo
* Shafi Ullah-Khan
* Ranjan Chibber

### Spring Bean conventions - Aaron

* Aaron Reviewed this [Document](https://confluence/display/POS/Expweb+and+Spring+Framework) talking about the new conventions for organizing spring bean files.  
* Keep an eye out for changes coming in this space.
* You will be seeing a lot of bean files being moved around and renamed, and split into the proper contexts
* Platform team will have examples next week with concrete examples to show.
* If you want to aggressively move your beans over, talk to the platform team, and we can help with that.
* The current focus is on data access , specifically iSprocInvocable. we are refactoring the beans, and moving the implementations, and beans into data access.  You will see a lot of changes coming in here recently and coming up.

### Staying ALive Status
* 03-R3 should see apache httpd installed in front of expweb's tomcat instance.  
* Apache will run mod_rewrite, and mod_security and listen for http and https traffic, and passing that traffic to tomcat over ajp
* Emain will continue to send traffic to expweb over ajp.
* Once this is in place, we will be able to do the switching at the nginx layer, sending e3 traffic directly to expweb, bypassing emain.
